---
title: Guidance page
description:
date: 2020-10-01
---

## Overview

The current guidance page offers access to all large and small grants. It provides a brief summary of the grant and links to scheme handbooks. When the grants application window is open it also includes a link to the small grants cpsmall.org.uk portal and application forms and how to fill them in for large grants.

### Hypothesis

Each grant needs its own guidance page. Guidance pages should state clearly who the grant is for, what they can buy with grant funds and how to apply.

The table of contents on the guidance page should lead the user through the process.

Handbooks are big, very detailed and give a lot of information. We could give the information users need at the point in the journey they need it and not provide handbooks.

Users need the handbooks for the list of items available. We could make the list of items you can buy with grant funding available on the guidance page.

### User needs

As an applicant for a large grant, I need:

* I need to know how to apply
* I need to know what I can buy with grant funding
* I need the item specification to be clear
* I need it to be simple enough to apply myself

{% from "screenshots/macro.njk" import appScreenshots with context %}
{{ appScreenshots({
  items: [
    {
      text: "Guidance page water"
    },
    {
      text: "Guidance page slurry"
    }
  ]
}) }}

### User research

#### Key points

Farmers/agents understand the “expression of interest” phrase. (Still need to check with new users that they understand what an EOI is).

#### Suggestions

##### Water resource management
* Green button 'Check if you can apply now' - didn’t really work, duplicates effect of green button on the 'Apply now' page
* Consider including a warning about planning permission/abstraction. Advise users that it is better to make an EOI after you have these?

##### Slurry equipment
* List of items for slurry - need to have separate mild acidification option on the guidance
* List of items for slurry - P? Suggested a different way to group the information in the bullets
* List of items for slurry - needs to better reflect what is shown on the items page
* Consider including a warning about planning permission/environmental permits and the time it takes to get these. Advise users that it is better to make an EOI after you have these?
